{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25280\viewh6280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Thank you for your response. You are correct this does not meet with our expectations and we are disappointed in the district\'92s response to an admittedly unusual situation. We expected Thomas to be able to learn written German in school as he is a German citizen with extensive family in Germany. We knew that the district dropped in person German some years ago but were told that he could take it through the NCVPS. The NCVPS dropped German 3 and 4 the year he started taking the language and he had too much previous knowledge to make German 1 a reasonable option. When we signed him up for German 2 we talked with his counselor, Mr. Harkey, at the time who said that in the worst case that if NCVPS did not offer German 3 again he could take it through an online vendor at our expense. Now that is not an option either. Clearly this is a very unusual constellation of events but the solutions offered here simply do not make sense. The district will not give him credit for an insufficiently vetted online course but will give him credit for a class he tested out of just to check a box that he has two years of the same language? At the very least he should take German 2 twice or take it with Durham Tech which may have some different material to cover. \
\
\
Vetinary specialist - 8602363273\
Newtown 2032708387\
\
Look more all-purpose:\
https://www.healthproductsforyou.com/c-bedridden.html\
https://www.allegromedical.com/bedridden-products-for-caregivers-and-bed-confined-patients\
https://www.amazon.com/s?k=bedridden+patients+products&hvadid=616990262066&hvdev=c&hvlocphy=1021047&hvnetw=g&hvqmt=e&hvrand=15658280264389423090&hvtargid=kwd-437656444510&hydadcr=21884_13401757&tag=googhydr-20&ref=pd_sl_76yewv8bis_e\
\
Hygiene:\
https://www.carewell.com/catalog/personal-care/?g_acctid=333-280-7133&g_adgroupid=&g_adid=&g_adtype=none&g_campaign=PMax+%7C+NB+%7C%7C+Personal+Care&g_campaignid=16485172067&g_keyword=&g_keywordid=&g_network=x&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIpoqT1rm6gAMV3zLUAR0Y7g7KEAMYASAAEgIm7PD_BwE\
\
Absorbant pads/briefs:\
https://www.vitalitymedical.com/bedridden-patient-care-equipment-and-products.html\
}